- Today I learned that Emily Bader
doesn't like a creepy whisper.
[Tom whispering]
- Do it again.
No, it's not growing on me.
- Hi, "Vogue."
I'm Tom Blyth.
- And I'm Emily Bader, and
this is "Off the Cuff."
[light music]
- Round one, icebreakers.
[Emily shuddering]
One memory you'd love to relive on repeat.
- When I went sailing for the first time
and I was super hungover in Sweden,
and it was actually the
greatest memory of my life.
- That's so beautiful.
- If we got kicked out of somewhere,
what would the reason be?
- Drunk and disorderly.
- No, we're so well-behaved.
Never.
[cards thudding]
- What useless skill are you proud of?
- I can hold my breath for a
really long time underwater,
but I can't pop my ears very well,
so there's not really a point
to being able to do that.
- That's not useless.
That's very helpful.
- If you had to replace
a finger with a tool,
[chuckling] what would it be?
- Swiss Army Knife, so you've
got multiple tools in one.
- [Emily] That's genius.
- Yep.
What word do you struggle to pronounce?
- I'm gonna do it right out.
Horseradish.
I always say horshradish.
- Horshradish.
- But it's just horseradish.
- Nice.
- Right, how do you, is that right?
- Horseradish.
What's one thing that you
pretend to understand?
- Math.
- [Emily] [laughing] Yeah?
- I don't even pretend.
If I were a sound effect,
what would it sound like?
- Skibbidy bop.
- [Emily And Tom] Skibiddy bo, oh, oh.
[light music]
- [Emily] Round two.
- [Emily And Tom] Film.
- Go.
- Okay, okay, okay.
When you first met me, what
movie trope did I embody?
An example, main
character, funny sidekick,
mysterious stranger.
- Mysterious stranger
with the leather jackets
and the motorcycle.
I mean,
what's more mysterious?
- Did you know
that was one of them already?
- Yep.
- That was so good.
- [chuckling] No, I just knew.
[card thudding]
If we ran into each other in
a grocery aisle rom-com style,
what are we each holding?
This is actually very telling.
- A cucumber.
- A cucumber?
Okay, perfect.
[Tom and Emily laughing]
- Is there one specific movie scene
that is on repeat in your head?
- "Sexy cardi," which I
don't know what that's from.
- [Tom] What is that?
- And also when Cher slaps
Nicolas Cage in "Moonstruck."
- "Moonstruck."
- And says, "Snap out of it."
- You were just talking about that.
You love that.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
[card thudding]
- If I disappeared for 10 minutes on set,
where would you first
look for me? [chuckling]
- Crafty.
Snacks.
- What kind of person are you
on the last night of your vacation?
- Oh, I'm in bed early
and I'm watching HGTV,
locked in, bathrobe, take, yep, that.
- On the last night of your vacation?
- I like to be rested for the morning.
I've done all the fun things.
- All you're doing is leaving.
You might as well go all out.
- That's my answer, Tom.
- Okay, fine, fair enough.
[Emily chuckling]
Who am I to argue?
- If your acting career
had chapter titles,
which chapter are you in right now?
- Eh, I'm enjoying it.
I'm just lapping it all up.
- He's in the lapping it all up chapter.
- I'm in the lapping stage, yeah.
[light music]
Round three, fashion.
- [Emily] Fashion.
- What's your most
unforgettable corset moment?
- Riding a horse with the
double corset down Dover Castle.
If you had to save one piece of clothing
from a moth infestation,
what would you choose?
- These boots.
What's your beauty mantra?
- Nothing looks better
than good night of sleep.
[chuckling] What's the
best fashion compliment
you've ever received?
- Mm, I don't know.
- "You look real English."
- No.
"You look good, kid"
I don't know.
- "You look good, kid"
[Tom and Emily laughing]
- What's your go-to airport look?
- The worst outfit I own
in my closet and Uggs.
Did an outfit ever give
you a new personality?
- Yes, actually.
The moment I started
wearing boots with heels,
with a decent heel,
suddenly, I've just, like,
I was 10 times more confident.
- Yeah, that's such, like,
a look, with the earring.
[light music]
- Round four,
the last time you,
dot, dot, dot.
- Oh.
Got humbled instantly.
Ooh.
- You humble me every time we hang out.
- [chuckling] Tom, no.
- [Tom] Yep.
- It's an honor to do that.
- Yeah, thank you.
Had a paranormal encounter?
- Ooh, a Christmas a few years ago,
I felt some crazy grandma presence.
- [Tom] Oh.
- Yeah.
- Your grandma or somebody else's grandma?
- My grandma.
The lights, there was red.
- [Tom] Oh.
- I'll get into it later.
- [Tom] That's nice.
- Edited your Wikipedia page? [chuckling]
- Never.
- Yeah, how do you even
do that, is that a thing?
- Doesn't somebody else do that?
- I thought it was a job, but. [chuckling]
- Had beef with an inanimate object?
- The tray on the last airplane
that I couldn't figure out
how to get outta the tray.
Went camping?
- Last summer, I think, at some point.
Yeah, I did, I did.
I went this summer.
- What an adventurous guy.
- In Canada.
In Canada.
It was beautiful.
Committed to a lie?
- Oh, I probably lied about
watching someone's movie
that I have not seen sometime this week.
It was yours.
- Was it one of mine?
- All of of yours.
- It was one of mine, yeah.
- Caused chaos [laughing] by accident?
- [chuckling] Every day.
- Every single day.
- Every day.
- Right now.
- Last time you felt really seen?
- By our, what we did with Emily Henry,
and when you said the kindest
things about me yesterday.
- [Tom] Aw.
- They're always
way too nice to me, and
that made me feel very seen.
Thank you.
- [Tom] I got you, boo.
- Asked for a favor?
- Um.
- He's lying, he's so needy.
- Yeah.
I'm always asking people
to look after my dog.
- That's a good one, though.
- Yeah.
- The dog needs love.
- Last time you emotionally
spiraled over a text?
- Ooh, thankfully not in a while.
Thank God for that.
- [Tom] That's good.
- I don't know, six months.
Did something for the plot?
- Did something just for the plot?
- Just for the plot.
Every time we go out to
dinner past a certain hour,
it's, like we're doing it
for the plot, you know?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Last time you screamed internally?
- When I sat down to do this interview
and held this card for the first time.
[light music]
Round five, guess the look.
- [Tom] Guess the look.
- Oh, I didn't know
we were doing this.
- This is fun.
- You better lock in.
- Where's this from?
- I have to guess it.
- Right, yeah.
- Okay.
[Emily chuckling]
- That is like, one of the
first proper red carpets I did,
and it was the first ever premiere
of season one of "Billy the Kid."
- The answer is, ooh, "Billy the Kid."
He's such a baby.
- [Tom] I'm a baby.
- Look at your hair.
- [Tom] A lot has happened since then.
- You looked solidly 10.
And he's wearing a chain.
Very chic.
- [sighing] Just finding myself, wasn't I?
I was finding myself.
This.
- [Emily] Oh, that is a Tory Burch show.
My first ever fashion show that I was-
- Why am I shaking? [laughing]
- [laughing] He's so scared.
He's vibrating.
- You make me so nervous.
- 'Cause the look is so good.
- Yeah.
- It was a really cool pantsuit,
and they let me keep the glasses,
which was so nice of them.
- [Tom] Nice, that's cool.
- Yeah, this is gonna be much tougher.
This is a slight pastels going on.
- That's AMI, it's head to toe AMI,
and it was a really nice
big pink coat that I wore
where we introduced the trailer
to "The Hunger Games" in Times Square.
- How do you?
That's amazing.
- 'Cause I remember really liking it.
It was nice.
- Mind like a trap.
Is that the saying?
[Emily and Tom laughing]
- No one has ever said that.
- I don't think that's it.
- Okay.
- That's, I think, correct,
based on this lovely photo.
[Tom and Emily laughing]
- These don't say whether
they're correct or not.
- They don't.
- Guess the fricking look.
- I think that is a "ELLE"
Women in Hollywood party
that I went to in LA.
It was on a really cool rooftop.
- You are so correct.
It literally says "ELLE,"
Polo Ralph Lauren behind you,
so, yeah.
- Two for two.
We're really good at this.
- Well done.
We are doing well.
- Okay.
- We're just narcissists.
We just, like, know
exactly where we were when.
- Amorphous gray sleeve
with a half button.
- That's a tricky one.
That was the Burberry show in London.
It was, like, big gray, like, windbreaker.
- Look at that.
Cool shoe.
- [Tom] Oh.
- Looks like you could go running.
It's multi-useful.
- You know why I remember that
is because it was the middle of summer,
and I'm in, like, a leather
jacket and a windbreaker,
and I was fricking sweating.
Anything for the fashion.
- For the fashion.
- This is a tricky one.
Guess the look.
- Oh, that's like a boob part.
That's a boob cover. [laughing]
London press for "My Lady Jane,"
which was like my first
press look for that show.
Am I right?
- I believe,
I believe you are right.
- That's pretty good.
I mean, for it just being.
- You look wonderful.
- High-five.
[Tom and Emily high-fiving]
We did good.
- I feel like your early days
were better than my
early days, a little bit.
[light music]
- [Tom And Emily] Round six.
This or that.
- Panic laugh or panic freeze?
- Panic laugh.
Loud sneeze or silent but violent?
[Tom and Emily laughing]
- Loud sneeze.
Talk too loud or whisper too creepily?
- Talk too loud.
I don't know how to whisper.
- I like whisper too creepily.
- You're really good
at that, I've heard it.
- Thank you.
- Thank you so much.
- Rewatch a show or endlessly scroll?
- Mm, oh, rewatch a show.
- Yeah, me too.
- [Tom] Don't waste time scrolling.
- I love a rewatch.
- Bite ice cream or drink yogurt?
[Emily laughing]
- Wait.
[Tom laughing]
Are those comparable?
- [Tom] Yes.
- Drink yogurt.
Love an Actimel.
Good for digestive health,
you know, the gut biome?
- Yeah, I gotta agree on that.
- Wave back at someone
who wasn't waving at you,
or hold the door for someone too far away?
[Tom and Emily chuckling]
- Wave back at someone who's
not waving back at you.
Just for the plot.
Too much sauce or no sauce?
- Too much sauce.
- [Tom] Yeah.
- I'm sauce boss, you know?
Curly Wurly or Turkish delight?
Curly Wurly.
- What's a Curly Wurly?
- They're like Cadbury's chocolate.
I had them when I was a kid.
But Turkish delight. [groaning]
I don't like it.
Are those those things in
"The Lion, The Witch,
and The Wardrobe?"
- It's a dessert,
it's a type of-
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- "Narnia."
- Yeah, but it's a lot.
- Yeah.
- They're a lot.
Never-ending hiccups or coughs?
- I hate a hiccup.
Hiccups are super painful for me.
- I once watched a documentary
about a guy who had a benign brain tumor
that was pressing on a part of his brain,
like a nerve, that made
him have endless hiccups,
and it looked like torture.
And because of that, I never
want to have hiccups again.
Every time I get hiccups-
- You watched
a hiccup documentary?
- Every time I get hiccups,
I wonder if something's going on,
you know?
- Everyone tune in.
Damn.
Yeah, I'm right though, it's a cough.
Cough.
- Beach vacation
or city break?
- Beach vacation every time.
- Mm, me too, every time.
- Only speak in riddles or sound effects?
[Emily and Tom laughing]
- I think I would be sound effects.
Yes or no? [laughing]
- I'm a yes man.
- [Tom] You're a yes girl.
Yeah.
- I think.
I'm a yes gal.
- [Tom] 100%.
[light music]
[Tom and Emily high-fiving]
- That was a good high five.
That kinda hurt.
- [Tom] Solid.
- Thank you so much for watching.
[Tom and Emily laughing]
- This has been "Off the Cuff."
[light music continues]